django_reference.md, before:

# Django Reference Guide

## Dot Operator and Access
* Dictionary lookup (e.g., foo["bar"])
* Attribute lookup (e.g., foo.bar)
* Method call (e.g., foo.bar())
* List-index lookup (e.g., foo[2])


## Template Rendering Example
    >>> from django.template import Template, Context
    >>> person = {'name': 'Sally', 'age': '43'}
    >>> t = Template('{{ person.name.upper }} is {{ person.age }} years old.')
    >>> c = Context({'person': person})
    >>> t.render(c)
    'SALLY is 43 years old.

## Basic Template Tags and Filters

### Evaluates a variable
    {% if today_is_weekend %}
    /<p>Welcome to the weekend!</p>
    {% endif %}

### Comments
    {# This is a comment #}

### Filter
####Template filters are simple ways of altering the value of variables before they’re displayed
    {{ my_list|first|upper }}


### Rendering Templates
#### Template HTML 
    <html>
    	<body>
    		The time now is {{ current_date }}.
    	</body>
    </html>

#### Views.py
    from django.template.loader import get_template
    from django.template import Context
    from django.http import HttpResponse
    import datetime
    
    def current_datetime(request):
    	now = datetime.datetime.now()
    	#html = "<html><body>The time now is %s.</body></html>" % now
    	#return HttpResponse(html)
    	t = get_template('current_datetime.html')
    	html = t.render(Context({'current_date': now}))
    	return HttpResponse(html)

#### Settings.py
    ...
    TEMPLATES = [
    ...
            'OPTIONS': {
            'context_processors': [
                ...
                'django.template.backends.django.DjangoTemplates',
                'django.template.backends.jinja2.Jinja2',

Commit message:

Defining the include template tag.

django_reference.md, after:

# Django Reference Guide

## Dot Operator and Access
* Dictionary lookup (e.g., foo["bar"])
* Attribute lookup (e.g., foo.bar)
* Method call (e.g., foo.bar())
* List-index lookup (e.g., foo[2])


## Template Rendering Example
    >>> from django.template import Template, Context
    >>> person = {'name': 'Sally', 'age': '43'}
    >>> t = Template('{{ person.name.upper }} is {{ person.age }} years old.')
    >>> c = Context({'person': person})
    >>> t.render(c)
    'SALLY is 43 years old.

## Basic Template Tags and Filters

### Evaluates a variable
    {% if today_is_weekend %}
    /<p>Welcome to the weekend!</p>
    {% endif %}

### Comments
    {# This is a comment #}

### Filter
####Template filters are simple ways of altering the value of variables before they’re displayed
    {{ my_list|first|upper }}



### Templates
#### Rendering Templates
##### Template HTML 
    <html>
    	<body>
    		The time now is {{ current_date }}.
    	</body>
    </html>

##### Views.py
    from django.template.loader import get_template
    from django.template import Context
    from django.http import HttpResponse
    import datetime
    
    def current_datetime(request):
    	now = datetime.datetime.now()
    	#html = "<html><body>The time now is %s.</body></html>" % now
    	#return HttpResponse(html)
    	t = get_template('current_datetime.html')
    	html = t.render(Context({'current_date': now}))
    	return HttpResponse(html)

##### Settings.py
    ...
    TEMPLATES = [
    ...
            'OPTIONS': {
            'context_processors': [
                ...
                'django.template.backends.django.DjangoTemplates',
                'django.template.backends.jinja2.Jinja2',


#### Inluding Templates Into Other Templates
##### This tag allows you to include the contents of another template
    {% include "nav.html" %}
